"Blake Manley" the mysterious Black Market representative thought to have had a hand in Mr. Blackwood's death has escaped after securing the memory tokens they demanded in return for the safe return of the hostages (who were captured after their memories were extracted). The 'sleepyheads' who were found unconscious at the venue of the party were invaluable in securing the memory evidence that enabled a team of our finest to conduct a raid at another nearby warehouse where the hostages were rescued, even though, unfortunately, the kidnappers were long gone. However the evening was not without drama. 
Jessicah lead a cadre of partygoers by working Blake to gain access to a bank account and memory token processing, and then leaking key evidence to our investigations. 
Meanwhile the recently widowed Sarah Blackwood joined forces with James Whitman to work with Blake to negotiate the release of the hostages by ransoming the demanded tokens to the Black Market. 
In the final moments of our investigation, before the memory tokens expired, the 4 ransom tokens were secured by the black market. However as Blake called in the confirmation of his receipt of the tokens, Derek Thorne who must have begun cracking under the pressure of the previous 24 hours' events interfered, exclaiming in hysterics, "Kill them all!"
This led to a chaotic climax as Blake rescinded his request for the hostages' release just as his line to the Black Market representative on the other side went DEAD, leading to a tense moment as we all feared the worst.
Then my phone rang. A call from our team at the suspected location of the hostages. The hostages were safe--the dead line must have been the kidnappers becoming aware of the impending raid and with the key memories secured, escaping the premises to continue working on whatever schemes they had in mind when then orchestrated the harrowing events of last night's party and our following investigation. At least, we now know what Blake Manley looks like...but I am afraid he and the Black Market's influence on Silicon Valley is far from over.  